# CS-305
Our client, Artemis Financial, is a consulting company that develops individualized financial plans for their customers, with plans including savings, retirement, investments, and insurance. They wanted to modernize their operations, including a file verification step to their web application to ensure secure communications, a data verification step in the form of a checksum, and secure communications through encryption.  
I beleive I was able to troubleshoot issues throughout the project very well. This codebase has been used through countless previous courses, so a majority of it is accounting for some older practices, leading to some additional issues arising. Coding securely is extremely important, especially in our clients case. If their programs are not secure then their user's personal information and financial information is considerably at risk of being compromised or stolen. This leads to the company's overall wellbeing in the sense that if a user's information is not secured, users are not going to use the program, proving to be a detriment to the company.   
To increase the layers of security I first updated the versions of innerworking programs within the project, including springboot, java, and the version of the dependency check. I then added support for the SHA-256 encryption cipher. I think in the future I would continue using the OWASP Dependency-Check as it was very simple to use and very straight forward.  
I used this dependency-check to verify the code and application were function and secure. After refactoring the code, I reran the check to see if any of the same vulnverabilities or new ones still populated.  
I referenced a lot of advice given on the official SNHU discord for the class, as well as the specific websites for each individual aspect of software that we used. Discord or other various communities will prove to be extremely valuable to gain insight or assistance in future projects, and I will continue doing so in the future.  
As for showing future employers aspects of this project, I believe my implementation of the SHA-256 cipher was performed very well, in addition to the fixes I had to make in the slightly older code-base to get things working properly.
